1. What is procedural Programming?
   The main purpose of programming lanaguage is to structure the code. some coding structure are:
   i. Functional
   ii. Object oriented
   iii. procedural
   procedural programming structure code in procedural.
   DRY: Don't Repeat Yourself
   Create function that can be used throughout the program.
   Advantage of procedural:
   Easy to learn
   Reuseable
   East to understand
   Disadvantages
   Hard to maintin
   Doesn't relate well
   expose to whole program

2. Algorithm
   Algorithm is used to solve multitude of problem. 
   series of step to solve the problem.
3. Algorithm Complexity
   To determine how to make code faster or perform better we must be able to measure it by time and space. 
   It is a measure of how long an algorithm will take to complete given the size of the input, or what is commonly called n or n times.
   It is divided into two type:
   Time complexity
   Space complexity
   Big O notetion: It is the most fundamental tool to measure the cost of algorithm. It desscribe the complexity of the code using algebric terms.

   Time:
   Constant Time
   Linear Time
   Logarithmic Time
   Quadratic Time
   Exponential Time

4. Functional Programming
   Two type:Traditional, pure
   Utilizes function for clean, consistent and maintainable code.
   Standalone/ Independent
   First class citizens: They can be assigned to a variable, passed as an argument and returned to its caller.

5. Pure Function
   Pure functin are the functin that doesn't change or have any effect on a variable, data, list or sets beyond its own scope.
   benefits of pure function:
   -Know outcome
   -consistent and reliable
   -Cache
   -Multi-threaded program

6. Recursion
   Recursion is a function that calls itself. 
   Neat code, Sub problem, east sequences
   Hard to follow, memory, debugging

7. Map and filter
   Map take all objects in a list and applies a function.
   Filter do the same, but take the result and creates a new list with only the true values.

8. Comprehensions
   It is a way to create a new sequence from an already existing sequence.
   List Comprehension